There's a little bit of sugar
that we just introduced,
Evan just announced this [LAUGH].
So, previously, we were saying, export
default and then we're saying script.
Now you can say script, and we were
putting a setup function inside of it.
Now you are able to say, script set up, so
you can do it either way, you can say
script and then a set up function.
And that's where you have all of your refs
and things, or you can say script set up.
So this is what that would look like,
instead of putting it inside a setup
function, you say script setup.
Then you have this const state
equals reactive, count to zero,
onMounted state.count, and
you're returning the state here.
Further resources, we just did all sorts
of stuff to document the composition
API in the vue 3 docs, there's the link
to that composition API documentation.
There was also previously,
a whole another microsite about
the composition API where
we were documenting things.
This has slightly more information,
I'm eventually gonna merge this into here.
But I'm showing both links, for
now you might come along in the future and
there's just one link here,
it's because all of that got merged.
There's also this really
cool site called Vueuse,
and this is really interesting,
I'll show it really quickly.
So, it's tree shakable, and
you can use all of these
different kind of composition API
functions, use local storage,
use session storage,
use device motion, use device.
So this is both good for, if you wanna
use them in your project as it is,
or if you just wanna learn how to
work with the composition API.
And you wanna dive into the code here,
and see how they set everything up.
So this is a really good resource for
both just grabbing it and using it, or
actually learning more.